Welcome to Navsad Sohar channel
friends today we are going to tell you about an offer letter from
ICICI Lombard which is an offer
letter which Aamir rank has received recently and
how much is the salary in the offer letter and
in which location has he
got the job of his depression, before telling this to you
Suhaag Grihaali I
request you that if you have not subscribed to this channel then please
subscribe or
press MP Sanjay so that
whatever chop notes come in future, it will reach you first,
in the offer letter first of all his name is
written and here friends here
his address is written which I can send that I have done it
here in raw,
okay here it is written that offer of
improvement, after that it is
written here in English and the date from which
you are getting it will come here Customer
Relationship Executive and this is its
end, Hallucinations will come, his
location is TK Agarwal Ashwani in Hyderabad
and in that I will tell you
what else is written in it,
whatever is his here  There is a mark of subject option,
everything is there, Aghor will be written below it and
its date is on 20th July 2017,
so you people's stupid comments come that
what will happen if you are not able to join on the joining date, if you have an
accident or something else, or you have to get it done, then
in these cases you should
immediately contact the sir and
tell him that I have health issues, I am
not able to join on time, now give me one or two more days, it is
important to tell the sir, okay, so this has been given to them on 20th,
28th July, so I hope that this is
and it must have been unknown that he was telling me
that he is going to join on 20th July, so
here you see
what else is written below it, here
below it there is Salumbar General Insurance
Company, here the name of Talent Acquisition
Manager is written here,
friends, you will see a little mark here, the
trick  Whatever
salary has been offered to them in this first letter, first of all,
your name will be boy here,
below that there is admission customer initial
benefit two and after that you have infrared here, if we
talk about the message then here they
get salary which is on base here
second in this column you believe
this cream Anil will get justice and here
is salt overall together they will
get this much okay so at the top here on base
which is per month I am telling you but if
you see this then Fida Hussain six
Ronit five is getting HRA here they are getting
2008, there will be Dhoom on the crop,
owner Sanjay Rai he gets for dowry
provision for them which is 675, he
gets fruits here, apart from this gratuity
which is 271 from SSC here Chauhan
gets 902 in 9 rounds, in total they have
a salary of 1000  Accidents and
it is printed, secondly, here 2833, they will
not get the end, according to me, there might be
some deduction from this, the first
salary that they will get, I will share that with you, so this is all that has been
told about turmeric in this offer letter, nothing else, so
friends, if you get it, it will be like this, your
friends, your
candidate will stand for some reason, so like, share
and subscribe after giving it.